<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Meeting Minutes - Brisbane Social Chess</title>
    <meta
      name="description"
      content="Official meeting minutes of Brisbane Social Chess"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" />
    <link
      href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Montserrat:wght@300;400;700&display=swap"
      rel="stylesheet"
    />
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="assets/favicon.png" />
    <link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="assets/apple-touch-icon.png" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="background-overlay">
      <main class="content-wrapper">
        <!-- Logo -->
        <div class="logo">
          <img src="assets/image03.jpg" alt="Brisbane Social Chess Logo" />
          <h1>Brisbane Social Chess</h1>
          <p>A place for casual chess, for fun and friendly people.</p>
        </div>

        <!-- Navigation -->
        <nav class="nav-links">
          <a href="index.html">Home</a>
          <a href="games.html">Games</a>
          <a href="minutes.html">Minutes</a>
          <a href="register.html">Register</a>
          <a href="rules.html">Rules</a>
          <a href="terms.html" class="active">Terms</a>
        </nav>

        <!-- Section: Meeting Minutes -->
        <section class="section">
          <h2>Meeting Minutes</h2>

          <!-- 2025-06-24 -->
          <article class="minutes-entry">
            <h3>BSC meeting 24/06/2025 version 2.0</h3>
            <p>
              <strong>Meeting commenced at</strong> 19:02<br />
              <strong>Present (via zoom):</strong> Jimmy, Matt, Steve, Rob,
              John<br />
              <strong>Apologies:</strong> Ben<br />
              <strong>Business from last meeting:</strong>
            </p>
            <ol>
              <li>
                1. Business cards - Matt advised that he has had 100 business
                cards created. They are available to members on a needs basis.
                The cost of this was approximately $50.<br />
                Motion: moved Steve, second Rob: That Matt should be reimbursed
                for the cost of producing the cards. Unanimously passed.
              </li>
              <li>
                Status of the submission of the Not For Profit report. Matt
                advised that he had submitted this and the matter is now
                complete for this year.
              </li>
            </ol>
            <p><strong>Agenda items:</strong></p>
            <ol>
              <li>
                Rob: The need for a review of our subscription with
                <a href="http://meetup.com/">meetup.com</a> and consideration of
                possible lower cost alternatives. Rob submitted a separate email
                detailing pros and cons; and possible ways forward.
                <p>
                  Initial discussion noted the visibility
                  <a href="http://meetup.com/">meetup.com</a> provides to BSC
                  especially for people searching for chess opportunities via
                  the internet. Matt advised that
                  <a href="http://meetup.com/">meetup.com</a> has recently
                  significantly increased the cost of subscriptions to $200 US
                  per six months. Until recently
                  <a href="http://chess.com/">chess.com</a> were going to pay
                  for our subscription in return for affiliation however this
                  arrangement has ceased and
                  <a href="http://chess.com/">chess.com</a> are now not
                  retaining any websites. In view of the changed situation the
                  following motion was voted on:
                </p>
                <p>
                  Motion: That the BSC
                  <a href="http://meetup.com/">meetup.com</a> subscription is
                  allowed to expire at the end of the current subscription
                  period on 09/08/2025 and members are contacted in advance of
                  this date to advise of this exit. Moved Rob, seconded Matt.
                  Unanimously passed.
                </p>
                <p>
                  Matt & John will work on improving our website & exporting
                  member data from
                  <a href="http://meetup.com/">meetup.com</a> to provide
                  continued member contact and to manage our on line visibility.
                </p>
                <p>
                  Steve will contact members via meetup to inform them of the
                  impending change & the reason for this.
                </p>
              </li>
              <li>
                Matt: Discussions with <a href="http://chess.com/">chess.com</a>
                <p>
                  Matt has been in contact with Judit Sztaray, director of chess
                  club relations with <a href="http://chess.com/">chess.com</a>.
                  While chess.com have ceased support for external websites they
                  have offered BSC a free account on
                  <a href="http://chess.com/">chess.com</a> called "Brisbane
                  Social Chess".
                </p>
                <p>
                  Motion: That BSC accept and use a chess.com account called
                  Brisbane Social Chess. Moved by Matt, seconded by Rob.
                  Unanimously passed.
                </p>
                <p>This account will be administered by John.</p>
              </li>
              <li>
                Applications for grants
                <p>
                  Matt advised that he has prepared documentation for grant
                  submissions to:<br />
                  The Queensland Country Bank;<br />
                  The Brisbane City Council Lord Mayor's Grants;<br />
                  The Queensland Gambling Community Benefit Fund.
                </p>
                <p>It was agreed that all should proceed.</p>
              </li>
              <li>
                Steve: AGM first steps
                <p>
                  Steve suggested that we should start preparation for this
                  year's AGM. First steps could be to choose a date and prepare
                  a Notice of Meeting. Rob noted the need to include a financial
                  report in the Notice so that this can be approved at the AGM.
                  This then requires that annual accounts are completed before
                  the Notice can be submitted. Rob also noted that the Notice
                  must include any resolutions to be considered and could
                  include, for example, committee size. General discussion noted
                  the desirability of including some reporting of BSC committee
                  activity over the last year in the Notice such as some
                  commentary from the President or an indiaction of how many
                  committee meetings and resolutions were had during the year.
                </p>
                <p>
                  A tentative date for the AGM of Sunday the 31st August 2025
                  was agreed. Matt will collect the necessary documentation and
                  Rob will prepare the annual financial report when this is
                  done. Steve will draft a Notice of Meeting for committee
                  consideration.
                </p>
              </li>
            </ol>
            <p><strong>Next meeting:</strong> in 1 month</p>
            <p><strong>Meeting concluded at</strong> 19:33</p>
          </article>

          <hr />

          <!-- May 2025 -->
          <article class="minutes-entry">
            <h3>May 2025 â€“ Committee Meeting</h3>
            <p>
              <strong>Present:</strong> Jimmy, Steve, Rob, Matt<br />
              <strong>Apologies:</strong> Ben
            </p>

            <ol>
              <li>
                Need to either lodge an annual Not For Profit (NFP) self-review
                return to confirm eligibility for income tax exemption or cancel
                ABN.
                <ul>
                  <li>Rob advised that this is a statutory requirement.</li>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted that for non-profit organisations the return is
                    fairly easy, an office bearer must lodge and can do so
                    on-line, via mail or by phone. There are a few quirks to the
                    "how to lodge" process.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    The alternative is to cancel our ABN which could be
                    appropriate as BSC has effectively not engaged in profit
                    making business over the last 12 months.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt noted that an ABN is required to apply for grants.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt advised his tax agent is progressing an NFP on behalf
                    of BSC.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    The committee discussed the pros and cons of continuing the
                    ABN.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    A vote of the committee unanimously agreed to continue the
                    ABN.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Preparation for the Annual General Meeting.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Steve suggested that some early preparation for our next AGM
                    would make the process easier.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Steve suggested that a list of tasks with identified
                    responsibilities would be useful as would an early forecast
                    of a date.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob stated that he would prepare accounts again after the
                    end of the financial year.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted that there would need to be a call for nominations
                    to office bearers and suggested that it would be ideal to
                    prepare for actual elections should more than one candidate
                    nominate.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Business cards.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Matt noted that it is possible to get 250 business cards for
                    about $100.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted the need to decide what goes on the card and that
                    there is no BSC logo or phone number.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt suggested that contact could be via MeetUp as there are
                    14 people who can respond.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Steve asked if it was appropriate that any of the MeetUp
                    contacts could respond to business enquiries without
                    necessarily knowing the BSC committee view.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt wondered if we could use email however noted that this
                    then required monitoring of the email account.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    General discussion considered that business cards were a
                    good idea however some details need to be worked out.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                General Business.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    After some issues with payment of membership the status of
                    Ben as a committee member in terms of the BSC constitution
                    was discussed.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt moved that Ben be re-appointed to the committee,
                    seconded by Steve and unanimously agreed.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
            </ol>
          </article>
        </section>
      </main>
    </div>

    <!-- Footer -->
    <footer class="site-footer">
      <p>
        &copy; <span id="year"></span> Brisbane Social Chess. All rights
        reserved.
      </p>
    </footer>
    <script>
      document.getElementById("year").textContent = new Date().getFullYear();
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
